feat: new dark mode as an alternative to the complete black and dimmed versions (#86)
bhushan/github-theme-for-jetbrains: CHANGELOG.md

# GitHub Theme Changelog

## [Unreleased]
- Feat: Adds a new Dark Mode, which is greyish and not completely black.

> ## [Unreleased]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Unreleased]
- Feat: Adds a new Dark Mode, which is greyish and not completely black.
```

# GitHub Theme Changelog

> ## [Unreleased]
> ## [1.2.0]
> 
> - Feat: Adds a new Dark Mode, which is grayish and not completely black.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Unreleased]
- Feat: Adds a new Dark Mode, which is greyish and not completely black.

```

Once plugin released live, tags will be changed automatically
